feat: new k8s request duration histogram metric (#13271)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/metrics.md

| `verb`        | The verb of the request, such as `Get` or `List`                   |
| `status_code` | The HTTP status code of the response                               |

> This metric is calculable from `k8s_request_duration`, and it is suggested you just collect that metric instead.

Reviewer: Should this say that it is deprecated? I feel like that would be very relevant info to be above the table instead of below

```suggestion
_Deprecated_: Use `k8s_request_duration` instead.
```

#### `k8s_request_duration`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> v3.6 and after

```

Version reference

A histogram recording how long each type of request took.

| attribute     | explanation                                                        |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `kind`        | The kubernetes `kind` involved in the request such as `configmaps` |
| `verb`        | The verb of the request, such as `Get` or `List`                   |
| `status_code` | The HTTP status code of the response                               |

> This is contains all the information contained in `k8s_request_total` along with timings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metrics contains all data in `k8s_request_total` along with timings
```

There's a typo here. Also simplify.

Reviewer: Also is there a reason you put this below the table instead of above?
